React is a front-end library developed by Facebook.
 It is used for handling the view layer for web and mobile 
 apps. ReactJS allows us to create reusable UI components.
  It is currently one of the most popular JavaScript libraries
   and has a strong foundation and large community behind it.

Audience
This tutorial will help JavaScript developers who
 look ahead to deal with ReactJS for the first time. 
 We will try to introduce every concept by showing simple 
 code examples that can be easily understood. After finishing 
 all the chapters, you will feel confident working with ReactJS.
  As a bonus we will introduce additional elements that work well 
  with ReactJS to help you learn the best practices and follow the modern 
  JavaScript trends.

Prerequisites
If you want to work with ReactJS, you need 
to have solid knowledge of JavaScript, HTML5, 
and CSS. Even though ReactJS doesn't use HTML, 
the JSX is similar so your HTML knowledge will be very 
helpful. We will explain this more in one of the next 
chapters. We will also use EcmaScript 2015 syntax so any
 knowledge in this area can be helpful.



 ReactJS is JavaScript library used for building reusable UI components. According to React official documentation, following is the definition −

React is a library for building composable user interfaces. It encourages the creation of reusable UI components, which present data that changes over time. Lots of people use React as the V in MVC. React abstracts away the DOM from you, offering a simpler programming model and better performance. React can also render on the server using Node, and it can power native apps using React Native. React implements one-way reactive data flow, which reduces the boilerplate and is easier to reason about than traditional data binding.

React Features
JSX − JSX is JavaScript syntax extension. It isn't necessary to use JSX in React development, but it is recommended.

Components − React is all about components. You need to think of everything as a component. This will help you maintain the code when working on larger scale projects.

Unidirectional data flow and Flux − React implements one-way data flow which makes it easy to reason about your app. Flux is a pattern that helps keeping your data unidirectional.

License − React is licensed under the Facebook Inc. Documentation is licensed under CC BY 4.0.

React Advantages
Uses virtual DOM which is a JavaScript object. This will improve apps performance, since JavaScript virtual DOM is faster than the regular DOM.

Can be used on client and server side as well as with other frameworks.

Component and data patterns improve readability, which helps to maintain larger apps.

React Limitations
Covers only the view layer of the app, hence you still need to choose other technologies to get a complete tooling set for development.

Uses inline templating and JSX, which might seem awkward to some developers.